- How do I approach designing software?
    Designing my 3D scene was a unique change to how I design programs. Instead of developing the pieces and putting them together, I had a full picture that I had to deconstruct and put into pieces, generate those pieces and piece them together. I had never really had to do that in my programming career, so it was a nice, uncomfortable experience for me. Having a full picture and breaking each object into basic objects and trying to see how I can piece it together did not come graceful in the first couple weeks. I had to take an object and really look at it, breaking it down in my mind to be able to generate it in code. This has garnered a new skill on deconstructing a full project into features and pieces that I can definitely take to generating other objects, or recreating software for my or other client's different needs. I can take this even farther, and while I like my current design process, after doing so, going back deconstructing and seeing how the pieces can fit in different ways for the overall puzzle can help me create even better projects in the future.

- How do I approach developing programs?
    This project really helped me sharpen my piece by piece development style. Since each object of the 3D world had to be generated into memory, applied to the world and given it's shape, size, texture, material and so forth, I got sharper in precise testing. Ensuring each shape and functionality was within standard to what I wanted and the project requirements, took hours of testing, repositioning and retesting per object. At the beginning, I just put randomness in my design, tested it once and quickly realized that was not going to cut it. So I had to change my developing philosphy, think about where in the scale the object would be in relation, and then test and tweak. This changed even further with the inclusion of textures, my development had a new check mark to look for and that is texture placement in relation to the object, if I placed the object as such, would the texture give the desired look and feel. So this project really put me out of the, generate a feature, test it, tweak it and move on. I had to think about object placement, combined with how it would look and feel in the scene, and really tweak the features as I tested and not a 1 and done step.

- How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
    The skills I have practiced and generated through this project with graphical and visual generation will help me tackle problems that need unique approaches. The deconstruction that was needed to turn an object into it's individual pieces and glueing those pieces back together will be important for system generating and integrated software design, along with where my field is taking me of cyber security and secure program generation. Within the generation of the project, I also gained experience in spatial reasonings, being able to understand how portions of code interact and share an environment with each other, will go far in security features being able to bounce and interact with each other for my professional career, along with the data analysis skills fostered in graphics and visualization will give me better ability to understand and manipulate programs for my future CS courses and the AI development I hope to conduct as I go into my master's degree program.
